[engines roaring]
[cooing, giggling]
[coos, babbles]
[giggles, exclaims]
[grunts, groans]
[vendor] Twenty credits.
[scoffs] Ten.
- [toddler crying]
- Twenty.
Fifteen.
- [crying continues]
- Hey! Who threw that?
It was him.
The kid can barely lift a vase that big,
let alone throw one.
- [crying continues]
- But he did. [stammers] We saw it.
Sorry. So sorry.
[toddler whines]
I told you that kid was strange.
People say he's cursed. You know? Gifted.
Shh. Don't go saying things like that.
You know what kind of trouble
that could bring. Come on.
[terminal beeping]
I've got a tip
for a class one bounty hunter.
There's a kid here
you might be interested in.
[terminal beeping]
[insects buzzing]
[door closes]
What's the issue?
Progress in the lab has stalled
since Nala Se's confinement.
The Kaminoan can no longer be trusted.
Do you trust me?
I've spent years working by your side.
With a proper clearance,
I could be more useful.
You wish to be the new chief scientist,
Dr. Karr?
I believe I have earned it.
Hmm. Very well.
Let's begin by bringing you
up to speed on Project Necromancer.
In addition to the assets
in the sublevel containment chamber,
- you will be given access to the vault.
- [control panel beeps]
The specimens within
are now your responsibility.
- They are vital to this project.
- [control panel beeps]
And thus,
must be handled with the utmost care.
[datapad beeps]
[devices beeping]
These particular three were selected
because of their high M-count.
Why children?
Are there not adults
that could serve this purpose?
There are few adults left
with such characteristics.
Children are easier to attain
and more agreeable to the subjugations.
They're unaware of why they're here
and what they possess.
As you know, M-count cannot be
directly replicated from the source.
However, Nala Se knew of another way.
Which is why she aided in Omega's escape.
The young clone's blood is the only binder
that's proven to be compatible
with their DNA to re-create
their M-count levels.
And why Omega must be found.
Testing should proceed as planned.
We must be prepared for every possibility
once she is recovered.
Sir.
[specimen] Hello.
[Emerie] Hello.
I like your glasses.
Uh, thank you.
What is your name?
Dr. Karr?
Limit your personal interactions
with the specimens.
They are scientific assets, nothing more.
Of course, Doctor.
[laughing]
Oh. [chuckles]
- [cooing]
- Uh, uh, uh.
- [grunting]
- [cooing]
[footsteps approaching]
[cooing continues]
[cooing]
[giggling]
[coos]
[footsteps approaching]
[gasps, exhales sharply]
[gasps, grunts]
[cries]
Todo, the test.
Coming right up, Mr. Bane.
[whining]
[beeping]
That'll do.
- [control panel beeps]
- [capsule whirring]
[hisses]
[whimpers]
- [wailing]
- Keep that thing quiet.
I am not a nanny droid.
- [wailing continues]
- You! You, there. Stop that.
[grunts]
- [Todo groans]
- [coos]
Oh. Oh! [chuckles] I did it.
Let's move.
[controls beeping]
[whimpers]
Thanks for the tip.
[coins jingling]
[grumbling]
[datapad beeping]
[specimen] Hello again.
Hello, SP-54.
My name's Eva. What's yours?
You may refer to me as Dr. Karr.
What happened to Mistress Nala Se?
She hasn't been back.
She is no longer overseeing this project.
Why not?
That is not your concern.
Oh, but she said she'd find out for me.
Find out what?
When I'll be going home.
Can you find out for me?
I will look into it.
Thank you, Dr. Karr.
[datapad beeping]
Hello, SP-32.
[drill whirring]
- [beeps]
- [doors close]
[alarm blaring]
- [beeps, buzzes]
- No!
[Emerie] SP-32.
- Stay away from me.
- It's all right.
No! Let me out of here.
You're safe, SP-32.
That's not my name.
[alarm continues]
They said I could go home.
I just wanna go home.
Set to stun.
What's the situation?
Blasters are not necessary.
I have everything under control.
Don't!
Secure him in his room.
Your actions were extreme, Commander.
He's only a child.
The specimen attempted to escape.
I was following protocol.
[droid chirps]
[chirps]
[Eva] Dr. Karr?
Yes?
Is Jax going to be okay?
Jax?
He'll be fine.
He's not going to be in trouble, is he?
No, he's not in trouble.
You can see him tomorrow.
[control panel beeps]
Mistress Se,
I have questions regarding your work
on Project Necromancer.
You have taken my place then.
I have.
Which means you've been to the vault
and seen the specimens.
They're children.
Like I was.
Was your plan to discard them too?
The Empire will keep them
in order to control them.
They don't belong here.
No, they do not.
But none of this was my choice.
I had to protect Omega.
And what about the other children?
I did what I could.
Now they will look to you.
What will you do, Emerie?
There is nothing I can do.
I don't have that kind of power.
[Nala Se] Don't you?
[door closes]
Dr. Karr, a word?
A new specimen will be arriving today.
Commander Scorch is departing shortly
to retrieve it.
Another?
I heard about the earlier incident,
so I understand your hesitation.
[inhales deeply] However, this latest
acquisition will not be a danger to you.
I would like to accompany the commander.
That is not necessary.
You've stated how important
these specimens are, Doctor.
I would like to ensure that they are
properly maintained at every stage.
Sir, Governor Tarkin requests
you contact him at once.
Do as you wish, Dr. Karr.
[device beeps]
[beeping]
Governor Tarkin,
to what do I owe this, uh, summons?
Questions have been raised
regarding the financial impact
your facility is having
upon Imperial resources.
And now additional funds
have been diverted at your request?
That is correct. It is for a project that
is of personal interest to the Emperor.
Which is what?
Oh, I'm afraid that's classified.
Perhaps there is
some assistance I may provide,
seeing this is of such importance?
Mmm, the funding is all I require.
It is worth the expenditure.
You had better hope so.
If this project fails
to yield proper results,
it won't bode well for your operation.
Or for you, Doctor.
[beeping]
[beeps]
I require an update.
I tracked down the Trandoshan
and pulled some intel out of her.
She gave up the name of a pirate
that's been in contact with the target.
I'm searching for her now.
The other operatives aren't ready
to join you in the field.
I can handle it on my own.
[sighs] Can you really?
'Cause you've already failed once.
No more mistakes.
Do not return without Omega.
You're not the usual Imperial they send.
I'm here to inspect the specimen.
Who I am is none of your concern.
Todo, bring out the kid.
[groans]
Problem?
This specimen is younger than I expected.
Then he'll be less trouble.
I need to test him.
[coos]
For confirmation.
My payment?
How many others like this
have you captured?
Let's just say I'm good at my job.
[beeping]
[whimpers]
And where did this child come from?
Asking questions like that,
you give away more than you think.
[Todo] It's all here, Mr. Bane.
Until next time.
[hydraulics hissing]
- [door closes]
- [ship powering up]
- [capsule hisses]
- [babbles]
[chirping]
How is he acclimating?
The specimen is in good health.
[chirps]
[datapad beeps]
Where is SP-32?
It is standard operating procedure
for a subject to be isolated
for two rotations
as punishment following an escape attempt.
[device clicks]
[droid chirps]
[droid whirring]
Is everything all right, SP-54?
Eva?
You lied.
You said Jax wouldn't be in trouble.
He just wanted to go home.
We all wanna go home.
- [beeps]
- [system powers down]
[beeps]
[device beeps]